README.md, before:

# BlazeMeter MCP Server

The BlazeMeter Virtual Services MCP Server connects AI tools directly to BlazeMeter's Virtual Services platform. 
This gives AI agents, assistants, and chatbots the ability to manage complete workflows from creation of transactions 
to deploying it to the virtual service. All through natural language interactions.

## Use Cases

- **Service Management**: Create and manage services.
- **Transaction Management**: Create, validate, manage HTTP and Messaging transactions.
- **Action Management**: Create, validate, manage transaction actions (Http calls and Webhooks).
- **Asset Management**: Upload assets (certificates and keystores).
- **Sandbox Management**: Attach HTTP transaction and test it.
- **Location Management**: List available locations.
- **Configuration Management**: Create and manage configurations for virtual services.
- **Virtual Service Management**: Create, modify, deploy, stop a virtual service, track its status.
- **Virtual Service Templates Management**: Create, modify, create from the virtual service, apply to a virtual service.

---

## Prerequisites

- BlazeMeter API credentials (API Key ID and Secret)
- Compatible MCP host (VS Code, Claude Desktop, Cursor, Windsurf, etc.)
- Docker (only for Docker-based deployment)

## Setup

### **Get BlazeMeter API Credentials**
Follow the [BlazeMeter API Keys guide](https://help.blazemeter.com/docs/guide/api-blazemeter-api-keys.html) to obtain your API keys as JSON.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> When downloading your API keys from BlazeMeter, save the `api-keys.json` file in the same folder where you'll place the MCP binary.

### **Quick Setup with CLI Tool** ⚡

<details>
<summary><strong>Manual Client Configuration (Binary Installation)</strong></summary>

1. **Build the binary** for your operating system, by running vs_mcp/build.py script
2. **Configure your MCP client** with the following settings:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "VS MCP": {
          "disabled": false,
          "timeout": 60,
          "type": "stdio",
          "command": "path to the binary",
          "args": [
            "--mcp"
          ],
          "env": {
            "BLAZEMETER_API_KEY": "path to the api-keys.json file"
          }
        }
  }
}
```

</details>

---

## Available Tools

The BlazeMeter MCP Server provides comprehensive access to BlazeMeter's API through six main tools:

| Tool                         | Purpose                             | Key Capabilities                                            |
|------------------------------|-------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| **User**                     | Blazemeter User Information         | Get current user details, default account/workspace/project |
| **Account**                  | Blazemeter Account Management       | List accounts, check AI consent, read account details       |
| **Workspace**                | Blazemeter Workspace Management     | Manage workspaces, get locations, check billing usage       |
| **Service**                  | Service Management                  | Create and manage services                                  |
| **Http Transaction**         | Http Transaction Management         | Create, manage and validate http transactions               |
| **Messaging Transaction**    | Messaging Transaction Management    | Create, manage and validate messaging transactions          |
| **Action**                   | Action Management                   | Create, manage and transactions actions                     |
| **Virtual service**          | Virtual Service Management          | Create, manage, deploy, stop virtual services               |
| **Virtual service template** | Virtual Service Template Management | Create, manage, apply to the virtual service                |
| **Asset**                    | Asset Management                    | Upload assets                                               |
| **Configuration**            | Configuration Management            | Create, manage configurations                               |
| **Sandbox**                  | Sandbox Management                  | Assign http transaction, test it                            |
| **Tracking**                 | Tracking Management                 | Fetch tracking status for virtual service actions           |
| **Asset Tracking**           | Tracking Management                 | Fetch tracking status for asset upload action               |

---

### **User Management**
**What it does:** Get information about BlazeMeter account and default settings.

| Action | What you get |
|--------|-------------|
| Get user info | Your username, default account, workspace, and project IDs |

---

### **Account Management**
**What it does:** Manage your BlazeMeter accounts and check permissions.

| Action | What you get |
|--------|-------------|
| Get account details | Account information and AI consent status |
| List accounts | All accounts you have access to |

---

### **Workspace Management**
**What it does:** Navigate and manage testing workspaces.

| Action | What you get |
|--------|-------------|
| Get workspace details | Workspace information and billing details |
| List workspaces | All workspaces in an account |
| Get locations | Available test locations for different purposes |

---

### **Service Management**
**What it does:**  Creates and manages services.

| Action              | What you get                    |
|---------------------|---------------------------------|
| Create a new service | A service with provided name    |
| Get service         | A workspace service information |
| List services       | All services in a workspace     |

---

### **Http Transaction Management**
**What it does:** Creates, validates, and manages http transactions.

| Action                        | What you get                                          |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| Read an HTTP Transaction      | Reads HTTP Transaction details                        |
| Create a new HTTP transaction | Creates a new HTTP transaction                        |
| Update HTTP transaction       | Updates existing HTTP transaction                     |
| List all HTTP transactions    | Lists all HTTP transactions in a workspace or service |
| Validate template             | Validates handlebars template                         |
| Convert template              | Safely converts handlebars template to VS format      |
| Assign keystore               | Assign keystore asset to an existing transaction      |
| Assign certificate            | Assign certificate asset to an existing transaction   |

---

### **Messaging Transaction Management**
**What it does:** Creates, validates, and manages messaging transactions.

| Action                             | What you get                                                  |
|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| Read an Messaging Transaction      | Reads Messaging Transaction details                           |
| Create a new Messaging transaction | Creates a new Messaging transaction                           |
| Update Messaging transaction       | Updates existing Messaging transaction                        |
| List all Messaging transactions    | Lists all Messaging transactions in a workspace or service    |
| Validate template                  | Validates handlebars template                                 |
| Convert template                   | Safely converts handlebars template to VS format              |
| Assign keystore                    | Assign keystore asset to an existing Messaging transaction    |
| Assign certificate                 | Assign certificate asset to an existing Messaging transaction |
---

### **Action Management**
**What it does:** Creates actions for transaction.

| Action                      | What you get                                   |
|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------|
| Create an HTTP Call         | Creates an HTTP Call sync action               |
| Create a Web Hook           | Creates a Webhook async                        |
| Assign keystore             | Assign keystore asset to an existing action    |
| Assign certificate          | Assign certificate asset to an existing action |

---

### **Asset Management**
**What it does:** Creates, lists, manages assets.

| Action                 | What you get                                              |
|------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| Read an Asset          | Reads Asset details                                       |
| List all Assets        | Lists all assets in a workspace                           |
| Upload asset file      | Creates an asset from user's file                         |
| Set keystore passwords | Sets passwords for existing certificate or keystore asset |

---

### **Configuration Management**
**What it does:** Creates, lists, manages configurations.

| Action                    | What you get                              |
|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Read a Configuration      | Reads Configuration details               |
| List all Configurations   | Lists all configurations in a workspace   |
| Create a Configuration    | Creates new configuration                 |
| Update a Configuration    | Adds new values to existing configuration |

---

### **Location Management**
**What it does:** Lists available locations.

| Action                 | What you get                              |
|------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| List all locations     | Lists all locations in a workspace        |

---

### **Sandbox Management**
**What it does:** Validates HTTP transactions without deploying a virtual service.

| Action       | What you get                                                             |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Init sandbox | Assigns an existing transaction to the sandbox                           |
| Test request | Sends test http request to the sandbox and receives transaction response |

---

### **Tracking Management**
**What it does:** Reads virtual service action tracking details.

| Action          | What you get                                  |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| Read a tracking | Reads virtual service action tracking details |

---

### **Asset Tracking Management**
**What it does:** Reads file upload tracking details.

| Action          | What you get                       |
|-----------------|------------------------------------|
| Read a tracking | Reads file upload tracking details |

---
### **Virtual Service Management**
**What it does:** Create, manage, deploy, stop, update your virtual service.

| Action                         | What you get                                                     |
|--------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Read a Virtual Service         | Reads Virtual Service details                                    |
| Create a new Virtual Service   | Creates a new Virtual Service with enabled HTTP runner           |
| Update Virtual Service         | Updates existing Virtual Service                                 |
| List all Virtual services      | Lists all Virtual Services in a workspace or service             |
| Deploy Virtual Service         | Starts Virtual Service container                                 |
| Configure Virtual Service      | Updates running Virtual Service                                  |
| Stop Virtual Service           | Stops Virtual Service container                                  |
| Assign trasnactions            | Assigns transactions to the Virtual Service                      |
| Unassign trasnactions          | Unassigns transactions from the Virtual Service                  |
| Assign configuration           | Assigns configuration to the Virtual Service                     |
| Apply Virtual Service Template | Applies Virtual Service Template settings to the Virtual Service |
| Set Proxy                      | Adds proxy settings to the Virtual Service                       |
| Unset Proxy                    | Removes proxy settings from the Virtual Service                  |

---
### **Virtual Service Template Management**
**What it does:** Create, manage virtual service templates.

| Action                                | What you get                                                  |
|---------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| Read a Virtual Service Template       | Reads Virtual Service Template details                        |
| Create a new Virtual Service Template | Creates a new Virtual Service Template                        |
| Update Virtual Service Template       | Updates existing Virtual Service Template                     |
| List all Virtual Service Templates    | Lists all Virtual Service Templates in a workspace or service | |
| Assign trasnactions                   | Assigns transactions to the Virtual Service Template          |
| Unassign trasnactions                 | Unassigns transactions from the Virtual Service Template      |
| Assign configuration                  | Assigns configuration to the Virtual Service Template         |

---
### **MCP Client Configuration for Local testing using HTTP**
1. Run main.py with --http flag
2. Connect to the MCP server using the following URL:
```http://localhost:8000/mcp ```
3. Example request
``` json
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "id": "2",
  "method": "tools/call",
  "params": {
    "name": "virtual_services_virtual_service",
    "arguments": {
      "action": "create",
      "args": {
        "name": "test-ms1114",
				"workspace_id": 1622,
			  "serviceId": 4,
				"type": "TRANSACTIONAL",
				"harborId": "664e1a51e58e6125010f3178",
				"shipId": "664e1a6099590d3961050698",
				"noMatchingRequestPreference": "return404",
				"endpointPreference": "HTTPS",
				"replicas": 1,
				"mockServiceTransactions": [],
				"httpRunnerEnabled": true,
				"endpoints": []
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### **MCP Client Configuration for Local testing using VS Code or Claude Desktop**
   1. Run main.py with --mcp flag
   2. Configure your MCP client with the following settings:
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "virtual services mcp": {
      "disabled": false,
      "timeout": 60,
      "type": "stdio",
      "command": "path to your python interpreter /.../venv/bin/python",
      "args": [
        "path to project main.py /.../vs_mcp/main.py",
        "--mcp"
      ],
      "env": {
        "BLAZEMETER_API_KEY": "path to api key file /.../api-key.json"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Format of the Api key file  
          
```json
{
  "id": "your_api_key_id",
  "secret": "your_api_key_secret"
}
```
## Docker Support

### **MCP Client Configuration for Docker**
 Build dokcer image using the following command:
 ```docker build . -t bzm-mcp:latest ```

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "Docker BlazeMeter MCP": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "--rm",
        "-i",
        "--mount",
        "type=bind,source=/path/to/your/test/files,target=/home/bzm-mcp/working_directory/",
        "-e", 
        "VS_URL=https://ci-mock.blazemeter.net/api/v1", //OPTIONAL: only if you want to use non-prod environmen
        "-e", 
        "BZM_URL=https://ci.blazemeter.net/api/v4",   //OPTIONAL: only if you want to use non-prod environmen   
        "-e",
        "API_KEY_ID=your_api_key_id",
        "-e",
        "API_KEY_SECRET=your_api_key_secret",
        "-e",
        "SOURCE_WORKING_DIRECTORY=/path/to/your/test/files",
        "ghcr.io/blazemeter/bzm-mcp:latest"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
> [!IMPORTANT]
> For Windows OS, paths must use backslashes (`\`) and be properly escaped as double backslashes (`\\`) in the JSON configuration.
> E.g.: `C:\\User\\Desktop\\mcp_test_folder`

> [!NOTE]
> In order to obtain the `API_KEY_ID` and`API_KEY_SECRET` refere to [BlazeMeter API keys](https://help.blazemeter.com/docs/guide/api-blazemeter-api-keys.html)

Commit message:

Assign server keystore + trustsore actions

README.md, after:

# BlazeMeter MCP Server

The BlazeMeter Virtual Services MCP Server connects AI tools directly to BlazeMeter's Virtual Services platform. 
This gives AI agents, assistants, and chatbots the ability to manage complete workflows from creation of transactions 
to deploying it to the virtual service. All through natural language interactions.

## Use Cases

- **Service Management**: Create and manage services.
- **Transaction Management**: Create, validate, manage HTTP and Messaging transactions.
- **Action Management**: Create, validate, manage transaction actions (Http calls and Webhooks).
- **Asset Management**: Upload assets (certificates and keystores).
- **Sandbox Management**: Attach HTTP transaction and test it.
- **Location Management**: List available locations.
- **Configuration Management**: Create and manage configurations for virtual services.
- **Virtual Service Management**: Create, modify, deploy, stop a virtual service, track its status.
- **Virtual Service Templates Management**: Create, modify, create from the virtual service, apply to a virtual service.

---

## Prerequisites

- BlazeMeter API credentials (API Key ID and Secret)
- Compatible MCP host (VS Code, Claude Desktop, Cursor, Windsurf, etc.)
- Docker (only for Docker-based deployment)

## Setup

### **Get BlazeMeter API Credentials**
Follow the [BlazeMeter API Keys guide](https://help.blazemeter.com/docs/guide/api-blazemeter-api-keys.html) to obtain your API keys as JSON.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> When downloading your API keys from BlazeMeter, save the `api-keys.json` file in the same folder where you'll place the MCP binary.

### **Quick Setup with CLI Tool** ⚡

<details>
<summary><strong>Manual Client Configuration (Binary Installation)</strong></summary>

1. **Build the binary** for your operating system, by running vs_mcp/build.py script
2. **Configure your MCP client** with the following settings:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "VS MCP": {
          "disabled": false,
          "timeout": 60,
          "type": "stdio",
          "command": "path to the binary",
          "args": [
            "--mcp"
          ],
          "env": {
            "BLAZEMETER_API_KEY": "path to the api-keys.json file"
          }
        }
  }
}
```

</details>

---

## Available Tools

The BlazeMeter MCP Server provides comprehensive access to BlazeMeter's API through six main tools:

| Tool                         | Purpose                             | Key Capabilities                                            |
|------------------------------|-------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| **User**                     | Blazemeter User Information         | Get current user details, default account/workspace/project |
| **Account**                  | Blazemeter Account Management       | List accounts, check AI consent, read account details       |
| **Workspace**                | Blazemeter Workspace Management     | Manage workspaces, get locations, check billing usage       |
| **Service**                  | Service Management                  | Create and manage services                                  |
| **Http Transaction**         | Http Transaction Management         | Create, manage and validate http transactions               |
| **Messaging Transaction**    | Messaging Transaction Management    | Create, manage and validate messaging transactions          |
| **Action**                   | Action Management                   | Create, manage and transactions actions                     |
| **Virtual service**          | Virtual Service Management          | Create, manage, deploy, stop virtual services               |
| **Virtual service template** | Virtual Service Template Management | Create, manage, apply to the virtual service                |
| **Asset**                    | Asset Management                    | Upload assets                                               |
| **Configuration**            | Configuration Management            | Create, manage configurations                               |
| **Sandbox**                  | Sandbox Management                  | Assign http transaction, test it                            |
| **Tracking**                 | Tracking Management                 | Fetch tracking status for virtual service actions           |
| **Asset Tracking**           | Tracking Management                 | Fetch tracking status for asset upload action               |

---

### **User Management**
**What it does:** Get information about BlazeMeter account and default settings.

| Action | What you get |
|--------|-------------|
| Get user info | Your username, default account, workspace, and project IDs |

---

### **Account Management**
**What it does:** Manage your BlazeMeter accounts and check permissions.

| Action | What you get |
|--------|-------------|
| Get account details | Account information and AI consent status |
| List accounts | All accounts you have access to |

---

### **Workspace Management**
**What it does:** Navigate and manage testing workspaces.

| Action | What you get |
|--------|-------------|
| Get workspace details | Workspace information and billing details |
| List workspaces | All workspaces in an account |
| Get locations | Available test locations for different purposes |

---

### **Service Management**
**What it does:**  Creates and manages services.

| Action              | What you get                    |
|---------------------|---------------------------------|
| Create a new service | A service with provided name    |
| Get service         | A workspace service information |
| List services       | All services in a workspace     |

---

### **Http Transaction Management**
**What it does:** Creates, validates, and manages http transactions.

| Action                        | What you get                                          |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| Read an HTTP Transaction      | Reads HTTP Transaction details                        |
| Create a new HTTP transaction | Creates a new HTTP transaction                        |
| Update HTTP transaction       | Updates existing HTTP transaction                     |
| List all HTTP transactions    | Lists all HTTP transactions in a workspace or service |
| Validate template             | Validates handlebars template                         |
| Convert template              | Safely converts handlebars template to VS format      |
| Assign keystore               | Assign keystore asset to an existing transaction      |
| Assign certificate            | Assign certificate asset to an existing transaction   |

---

### **Messaging Transaction Management**
**What it does:** Creates, validates, and manages messaging transactions.

| Action                             | What you get                                                  |
|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| Read an Messaging Transaction      | Reads Messaging Transaction details                           |
| Create a new Messaging transaction | Creates a new Messaging transaction                           |
| Update Messaging transaction       | Updates existing Messaging transaction                        |
| List all Messaging transactions    | Lists all Messaging transactions in a workspace or service    |
| Validate template                  | Validates handlebars template                                 |
| Convert template                   | Safely converts handlebars template to VS format              |
| Assign keystore                    | Assign keystore asset to an existing Messaging transaction    |
| Assign certificate                 | Assign certificate asset to an existing Messaging transaction |
---

### **Action Management**
**What it does:** Creates actions for transaction.

| Action                      | What you get                                   |
|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------|
| Create an HTTP Call         | Creates an HTTP Call sync action               |
| Create a Web Hook           | Creates a Webhook async                        |
| Assign keystore             | Assign keystore asset to an existing action    |
| Assign certificate          | Assign certificate asset to an existing action |

---

### **Asset Management**
**What it does:** Creates, lists, manages assets.

| Action                 | What you get                                              |
|------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| Read an Asset          | Reads Asset details                                       |
| List all Assets        | Lists all assets in a workspace                           |
| Upload asset file      | Creates an asset from user's file                         |
| Set keystore passwords | Sets passwords for existing certificate or keystore asset |

---

### **Configuration Management**
**What it does:** Creates, lists, manages configurations.

| Action                    | What you get                              |
|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Read a Configuration      | Reads Configuration details               |
| List all Configurations   | Lists all configurations in a workspace   |
| Create a Configuration    | Creates new configuration                 |
| Update a Configuration    | Adds new values to existing configuration |

---

### **Location Management**
**What it does:** Lists available locations.

| Action                 | What you get                              |
|------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| List all locations     | Lists all locations in a workspace        |

---

### **Sandbox Management**
**What it does:** Validates HTTP transactions without deploying a virtual service.

| Action       | What you get                                                             |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Init sandbox | Assigns an existing transaction to the sandbox                           |
| Test request | Sends test http request to the sandbox and receives transaction response |

---

### **Tracking Management**
**What it does:** Reads virtual service action tracking details.

| Action          | What you get                                  |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| Read a tracking | Reads virtual service action tracking details |

---

### **Asset Tracking Management**
**What it does:** Reads file upload tracking details.

| Action          | What you get                       |
|-----------------|------------------------------------|
| Read a tracking | Reads file upload tracking details |

---
### **Virtual Service Management**
**What it does:** Create, manage, deploy, stop, update your virtual service.

| Action                         | What you get                                                                              |
|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Read a Virtual Service         | Reads Virtual Service details                                                             |
| Create a new Virtual Service   | Creates a new Virtual Service with enabled HTTP runner                                    |
| Update Virtual Service         | Updates existing Virtual Service                                                          |
| List all Virtual services      | Lists all Virtual Services in a workspace or service                                      |
| Deploy Virtual Service         | Starts Virtual Service container                                                          |
| Configure Virtual Service      | Updates running Virtual Service                                                           |
| Stop Virtual Service           | Stops Virtual Service container                                                           |
| Assign trasnactions            | Assigns transactions to the Virtual Service                                               |
| Unassign trasnactions          | Unassigns transactions from the Virtual Service                                           |
| Assign configuration           | Assigns configuration to the Virtual Service                                              |
| Apply Virtual Service Template | Applies Virtual Service Template settings to the Virtual Service                          |
| Set Proxy                      | Adds proxy settings to the Virtual Service                                                |
| Unset Proxy                    | Removes proxy settings from the Virtual Service                                           |
| Assign Keystore                | Assigns keystore asset to the Virtual Service                                             |
| Assign Keystore + Truststore   | Assigns keystore asset to the Virtual Service, to be used as both Keystore and Truststore |

---
### **Virtual Service Template Management**
**What it does:** Create, manage virtual service templates.

| Action                                | What you get                                                                                       |
|---------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Read a Virtual Service Template       | Reads Virtual Service Template details                                                             |
| Create a new Virtual Service Template | Creates a new Virtual Service Template                                                             |
| Update Virtual Service Template       | Updates existing Virtual Service Template                                                          |
| List all Virtual Service Templates    | Lists all Virtual Service Templates in a workspace or service                                      | |
| Assign trasnactions                   | Assigns transactions to the Virtual Service Template                                               |
| Unassign trasnactions                 | Unassigns transactions from the Virtual Service Template                                           |
| Assign configuration                  | Assigns configuration to the Virtual Service Template                                              |
| Assign Keystore                       | Assigns keystore asset to the Virtual Service Template                                             |
| Assign Keystore + Truststore          | Assigns keystore asset to the Virtual Service Template, to be used as both Keystore and Truststore |

---
### **MCP Client Configuration for Local testing using HTTP**
1. Run main.py with --http flag
2. Connect to the MCP server using the following URL:
```http://localhost:8000/mcp ```
3. Example request
``` json
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "id": "2",
  "method": "tools/call",
  "params": {
    "name": "virtual_services_virtual_service",
    "arguments": {
      "action": "create",
      "args": {
        "name": "test-ms1114",
				"workspace_id": 1622,
			  "serviceId": 4,
				"type": "TRANSACTIONAL",
				"harborId": "664e1a51e58e6125010f3178",
				"shipId": "664e1a6099590d3961050698",
				"noMatchingRequestPreference": "return404",
				"endpointPreference": "HTTPS",
				"replicas": 1,
				"mockServiceTransactions": [],
				"httpRunnerEnabled": true,
				"endpoints": []
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### **MCP Client Configuration for Local testing using VS Code or Claude Desktop**
   1. Run main.py with --mcp flag
   2. Configure your MCP client with the following settings:
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "virtual services mcp": {
      "disabled": false,
      "timeout": 60,
      "type": "stdio",
      "command": "path to your python interpreter /.../venv/bin/python",
      "args": [
        "path to project main.py /.../vs_mcp/main.py",
        "--mcp"
      ],
      "env": {
        "BLAZEMETER_API_KEY": "path to api key file /.../api-key.json"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Format of the Api key file  
          
```json
{
  "id": "your_api_key_id",
  "secret": "your_api_key_secret"
}
```
## Docker Support

### **MCP Client Configuration for Docker**
 Build dokcer image using the following command:
 ```docker build . -t bzm-mcp:latest ```

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "Docker BlazeMeter MCP": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "--rm",
        "-i",
        "--mount",
        "type=bind,source=/path/to/your/test/files,target=/home/bzm-mcp/working_directory/",
        "-e", 
        "VS_URL=https://ci-mock.blazemeter.net/api/v1", //OPTIONAL: only if you want to use non-prod environmen
        "-e", 
        "BZM_URL=https://ci.blazemeter.net/api/v4",   //OPTIONAL: only if you want to use non-prod environmen   
        "-e",
        "API_KEY_ID=your_api_key_id",
        "-e",
        "API_KEY_SECRET=your_api_key_secret",
        "-e",
        "SOURCE_WORKING_DIRECTORY=/path/to/your/test/files",
        "ghcr.io/blazemeter/bzm-mcp:latest"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
> [!IMPORTANT]
> For Windows OS, paths must use backslashes (`\`) and be properly escaped as double backslashes (`\\`) in the JSON configuration.
> E.g.: `C:\\User\\Desktop\\mcp_test_folder`

> [!NOTE]
> In order to obtain the `API_KEY_ID` and`API_KEY_SECRET` refere to [BlazeMeter API keys](https://help.blazemeter.com/docs/guide/api-blazemeter-api-keys.html)
